# codex-hephaestus

Knowledge engine for mapping weapon and boon load-outs in the game Hades.

## Installation

Download from https://github.com/hrestey/codex-hephaestus

## Purpose

The Codex Hephaestus is a knowledge engine designed to map possible loadouts in the rogue-like game Hades ( https://store.steampowered.com/app/1145360/hades/ ), and help the player to select the most optimal boon from available options as they make their run through the Underworld. It accounts for the weapon & weapon aspect choosen for this run, Mirror of Night stats, selected and possible Keepsakes, and of course the many boons they can receive from the gods encountered on the run.

## Usage

Not ready to be used yet.

Run the project directly, via `:exec-fn`:

    $ clojure -X:run-x
    Hello, Clojure!

Run the project, overriding the name to be greeted:

    $ clojure -X:run-x :name '"Someone"'
    Hello, Someone!

Run the project directly, via `:main-opts` (`-m hrestey.codex-hephaestus`):

    $ clojure -M:run-m
    Hello, World!

Run the project, overriding the name to be greeted:

    $ clojure -M:run-m Via-Main
    Hello, Via-Main!

Run the project's tests (they'll fail until you edit them):

    $ clojure -T:build test

Run the project's CI pipeline and build an uberjar (this will fail until you edit the tests to pass):

    $ clojure -T:build ci

This will produce an updated `pom.xml` file with synchronized dependencies inside the `META-INF`
directory inside `target/classes` and the uberjar in `target`. You can update the version (and SCM tag)
information in generated `pom.xml` by updating `build.clj`.

If you don't want the `pom.xml` file in your project, you can remove it. The `ci` task will
still generate a minimal `pom.xml` as part of the `uber` task, unless you remove `version`
from `build.clj`.

Run that uberjar:

    $ java -jar target/codex-hephaestus-0.1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar

If you remove `version` from `build.clj`, the uberjar will become `target/codex-hephaestus-standalone.jar`.

## Options

FIXME: listing of options this app accepts.

## Examples

...

### Bugs

...

### Any Other Sections
### That You Think
### Might be Useful

## License

Copyright © 2023 Haydenestey

_EPLv1.0 is just the default for projects generated by `clj-new`: you are not_
_required to open source this project, nor are you required to use EPLv1.0!_
_Feel free to remove or change the `LICENSE` file and remove or update this_
_section of the `README.md` file!_

Distributed under the Eclipse Public License version 1.0.
